The Joe Rogan experience.
Have you seen these bricks that people have been finding at all these different
sites where people are protesting Uhuh, these organized stacks of bricks?
No. Yeah, man. Look, this is, I'm gonna send Jamie,
I'm gonna send you one that Eddie sent me that's who do you think is.
Putting that?
That's the question, right? It's like who is, who is putting that? Is it Antifa?
Is it the cops?
It's is it someone who wants someone to throw a brick so that they can impart
martial law? Like what is it? Yeah.
I, I, you know, my, my brain always goes to conspiratorial here.
It is mysterious. Brick piles appear throughout major protest cities. I mean,
these are, these are bricks that are appearing,
that don't have a reason to be there. Jamie,
I'm gonna send you this video that, uh, Eddie sent me because this is I'll. Uh,
I'll air. Drop it to you, buddy. God, man. It's the car too.
And the big car they said in, uh, long ditch yesterday left a car out there.
Hey,
they looked car who leaves a free car off would just take to a free police car.
Yeah. So they left an old police car out there. And then on top of that, this,
uh, this old, why is this not, would you look at this? Okay.
Jamie I'm air dropping to you right now. So this old police car,
and then these three,
you have all these protestors and then these three people move in a very
organized fashion. And there's a, a guy who made a video about it.
Have you seen the video, Jamie, where the guy breaks down these, the Antifa,
have you seen that? I'll send you the video. This, this is weird. What's that?
I never saw this. Yeah. Okay. Put it up on the screen too. I,
I gotta figure out how to do it. Send photos. Oh, I see. That's so crazy.
So there's these, there it is. So these random pallets of bricks,
this is very organized. This is on Ventura Boulevard out here in LA,
or I think it's in north Hollywood.
So these pallets of bricks are just sitting there, like,
look at this. What? Yeah.
They're just like, like riot supplies.
Exactly riot supplies and what exactly.
So who's doing this, this is very organized. I mean,
there's many stacks of these.
Bricks. It's very an anarchist. Well, is it? Cause it's organized, but I mean,
why?
I mean, well, it's fuel for anarchy, right? Yeah. But.
I just, I wonder look, look at this. Or do you think, do you think, I mean,
here's another theory.
It could be possibly performance art <laugh> I mean, I mean,
and I'm, I'm not saying that like as a joke,
but like some performance artists like go to that length, but that's very,
very organized and very ominous and very weird. I mean,
I hope that those were reported and that the police like picked.
Them up. Well, one thing that is happening that's promising is that these, uh,
provocateurs yeah.
Are getting caught by actual of black lives matter protestors and grabbing them.
And these that are breaking windows and spray painting things like they're
grabbing these people and saying, Hey, you. And they're,
they're turning these people in. Like these people are smashing things,
thank the Lords. But they're recognizing that this is damaging to this.
Like there's a great moment in time right now where we can enact real change.
He mandated that nursing homes take back in yes and 43% of
coronavirus death are nursing homes.
And this is a nursing home pandemic mandated that they take back in recovering
COVID patients. And he happens that he got a, you know,
million dollar plus campaign check for his reelection through a affiliated
committee before he got reelected. And so he also put,
made sure to put into place a liability for all their executives so that if they
don't do a good job, they can't be held liable.
And that data shows is correlated with increased COVID
death and infection rates,
because they know that they're not gonna be held responsible.
So there's a lower threshold there.
So there were very specific decisions that were really bad and fueled the worst
outbreak in the entire country.
But because he can get on TV and give a commanding press conference,
that's all people really care about. He's got like 80% approval rating. Yeah.
He's.
Spoken about the recovering COVID patients being readmitted to the nursing
homes.
Not much because his brother it's the best part on CNN is primetime anchor,
Chris Cuomo.
And they do these ridiculous interviews where they like joke around about how
big his nose is rather than asking. Yeah. Questions like that. And look,
it'd be one thing. If you were gonna have your brother on once or 12,
like I get it fine. You know, but no night after night after night,
it's the show of the two brothers chumming it up while people are dying.
This is a politician who's supposed to be held to account that is supposed to be
your.
Role around with his brother, joking about the size of their nose and the swab.
Well, there are like literally thousands of old elderly people who died because
explicitly this decision, now we're not saying he knew of the decision,
but like there needs to be some like scrutiny and accountability of that.
Nobody at CNN wants to touch it. Cuz Chris GU was the anchor.
Nobody at MSNBC wants to touch it because he is a Democrat because he's the
biggest Democrat.
And they all live in New York and they all probably have dinner with each other.
And of course, I mean,
people on the right are talking about it because he is a Democrat,
but like there's no, I mean, outside crystal and a few others on the left.
You wearing and on the right they're total hypocrites too.
Fox news picks it up with this like liability story and how he gets this
through. Meanwhile, Mitch,
McConnell's proposing the same thing at a national level and they're like a okay
with that. So, I mean,
this gets back to the sort of central concept of the show,
which is we don't do that. Like yeah, if it's a dark, we're gonna, you know,
we're like, you up on this thing. Like, let's talk about it.
If it's a Republican, we're gonna do the same thing. And that's the way, I mean,
at a basic level, that's the it's supposed to be. And it it's a big,
big problem. Again,
going back to this moment that we're living in because no one trusts anyone and
for good reason, even if you are an a NBC watcher and you know it,
and you love it and you love Rachel Maow and whatever, you know,
you're getting spun,
you know that they're picking certain stories that are gonna like peak your
interests. And they're ignoring every, the, the end of every, the,
the lesson of every single news story cannot be air go. Trump is bad.
<laugh> like, that cannot be the conclusion of literally every news story.
And over on Fox news, the end conclusion of every news story cannot be Argo.
Democrats are evil and unAmerican, right?
Yeah. You gotta give people the choice to do what they want to do.
I, I don't know if they're right. I don't know if you,
we have to inform people and then we have to give them the ability to
make decisions. And I don't know if you're right. I don't know if I'm right.
I don't know. Who's right. I'm scared. You're scared. Can we talk? Yeah.
That's what I'm doing. Don't think clubs work for what?
I don't trust people who drive with mask on. No, it's weird. It's weird.
I think they're. You're in your own car. It doesn't make any sense.
And so where you going?
<laugh> you're gonna fold you gonna what interrogation?
You're gonna fold. You're gonna fold up. Shop you.
Hey what's what, why are you a mask on you're in your own car?
I'm scared. It's a sky poison. I'm scared making the wrong choice.
I thought you just said to make your own choice. That's the right choice.
<laugh> listen. You're always gonna have. We have to, everything is real.
All things are real lie. Pus. True.
Lovers' thieves. I think everything is real.
We gotta all accept it together. Recognize
flush. 'em <laugh> wake them up in the morning. Get
give 'em your love. Could you imagine? I think that's part of what sad man.
I'm I'm gonna work out to this every day. Wake him up.
It doesn't happen on its own. You must force it.
You must force all of it. Love force, love, hugs,
hug your friends force. I love you. Who is Mike?
I don't know. Imagine a friend. I have a couple of Mike friends, Mike Young,
Mike Young. I love you. I love what's happening right now.
I love a lot of people. We all gotta love each other a hundred percent.
I think that's pretty much the key. That is the key. Unlock that door.
The key is this. We gotta accept that we're all living in this
fantastic soup of possibilities. Oh yes.
And we all come from different backgrounds and different deficits.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and different strengths, different, different ideas,
different perspective, different biases bridge. God.
Not. A lot of people were serving the style of pasta that I wanted to serve.
So I started giving it away like a gateway drug <laugh> I was just like,
send it to tables for free. And they were like, what the?
And it just started gaining momentum and gaining momentum. Wow. So.
So when you moved to Italy to, to learn how to do, like what,
what is the apprenticeship like in, you know, learning how to make pasta?
I mean, it's an apprenticeship. You have to put yourself in the,
in the student's chair and, and be a sponge. I didn't speak any,
not out a lick of Italian. Um, but the Italians are very expressive.
So you're able to communicate through just being Italian, I guess. And, um,
I spent three months, you know, six days a week, 10 hours a day,
just making pasta. Wow. Period.
See, this is what's fascinating to me. Things. You just, you,
you just take for granted, oh, here is a plate of pasta, like, but what,
what is involved in learning how to make it that good.
It's not just ingredients. When people sit down at a, at a restaurant,
people aren't just paying for,
for the experience of sitting there and the cost of food, they're,
they're paying for the experience of the people that are making food.
Mm that's a big part of it. That's the way that I look at it. And 11 years of
making pasta by hand,
there's a lot of depth that some of the younger guys just
aren't willing to pay the time cost. Mm.
And a lot of the younger cooks out there.
They bounce around job to job six months here, three months here.
And they think that they've mastered it, but there's just no depth.
There's no depth.
You know, you have to also consider how labor intensive it is to, you know,
hand roll out the pasta. And you know what Evan was saying before,
like each one rolled by hand, you know, when you, when you eat a bowl pasta,
you're not thinking that each one was like pressed out by.
So it's like extremely labor intensive.
And a lot of people when we were opening, um,
Evan did have his own restaurant BCA before, which was also, um, uh,
basically focused around pasta as well. That's a whole other story. Um,
but when we were going to open up this restaurant and we put in the middle of
the restaurant, the temperature controlled to lab, which is taking up tables.
So if you're a business person, a restaurant tour,
you say how many tables could fit in there?
How much is each table worth to your, your bottom line?
You're using up that space to put in,
you're using that space to put in a pasta lab. Are you crazy? Um, also,
you know, when you're thinking about, you know,
training the people and how labor intensive it is, people were saying like,
we're, we're crazy doing, doing this again. Yeah. They don't.
Think we could make money. Yep.
Well, it is a lot of space that past lab is a big space,
but it's so cool to be sitting right there. It's a show stopper. Yeah.
It really it's. It's something special.
I.